recipe detail steps  customization (#30)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/android/features/_shared/_custom-views/recipeDetail/RecipeDetailSteps.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> ### steps
> 
> To create your own recipe detail Steps template you have to create class that implement `RecipeDetailSteps`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Steps

To create your own recipe detail Steps template you create a class that implements `RecipeDetailSteps`

```
